docs(rolldown): add `withFilter` +  performance chapter (#19890)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/rolldown.md

If you don't pass the option in yourself, this must be fixed by the utilized framework. You can suppress this error in the meantime by setting the `ROLLDOWN_OPTIONS_VALIDATION=loose` environment variable.

## Performance

> `rolldown-vite` is focused on ensuring compatibility with the existing ecosystem, so defaults are geared towards a smooth transition. You can get further performance gains by switching over to faster Rust-based transforms and other customizations.

Author: ```suggestion
`rolldown-vite` is focused on ensuring compatibility with the existing ecosystem, so defaults are geared towards a smooth transition. You can get further performance gains by switching over to faster Rust-based internal plugins and other customizations.
```

Making sure this is not about transforms but all kind of plugins (aliasing, resolving etc.)

> ## Tweaking Performance
> 
> Even though `rolldown-vite` is focused on ensuring compatibility with the existing ecosystem, you will net performance gains by switching over already through faster transforms due to the Rust-based implementation. Beyond that, you can also tweak the performance of `rolldown-vite` further through different options or customizations.
> 
> ### Enabling Native Plugins

Reviewer: I think this paragraph can be simplified. Something like this would be easier for me to read:

```suggestion
## Performance

`rolldown-vite` is focused on ensuring compatibility with the existing ecosystem, so defaults are geared towards a smooth transition. You can get further performance gains by switching over to faster Rust-based transforms and other customizations.

### Enabling Native Plugins
```

Author: Thanks!
